today we're going to be taking a look at
power-up energy drink I'll take this I
film another one another one chris has
the worst juggling ever at least Andrew
looked like he was juggling okay and
good wow you failed at the same time
Sagan trouble yeah welcome everybody to
another edition of wrecklesseating
shorts AKA we short juggling haitian how
i do it now chuckling we shorts with two
juggalos that love Juggalo where are you
don't do you like I see the answer it
that way tell me why I see POC POC d do
you like ICP actually okay I guys you're
one of the few that I don't think I've
ever talk to you like that I know their
posse they are I make better sounds on
the bathroom they do they do and we just
lost 10 subscribers right there it's
okay they were they were juggalette
start drug alone jack a hose i'll let
him juggle juggle is a hammock and sean
are the only two people on the channel
that like yeah that's so weird i don't
know i don't get it yeah well espero
kujaku know she for life always the way
it looks like any melon melon aqus or
what it was his name everyone out there
you go they always look like him with
dreadlocks yeah is that that that's
basically a man waiting yeah yeah
alright Andy Milonakis anyways we're
trying something new today we're trying
to making Chi blur um I didn't know
keibler made pretzel feel things but
today we're trying two different kinds
pretzel bites once peanut butter but the
other one is gonna be peanut butter and
white fudge so two different things at
one time would be good I don't know
we'll find out let's try the white ones
first because you all know the white is
right white is right yeah we like
another time yeah I don't they look
better watch why try the black ones
thank you just a bottle they're gonna be
bigger that's why yeah oh oh yeah yep
uh-huh white ones are better you don't
even tried the black ones yet I don't
have to i just know they should have
equal rights they should be able to
drink from the water fountain if they
want
you know why beyonce sings to the left
to the left because black people have
rights yeah that's a topical joke it was
more my favorite thing was after Beyonce
did that was a super bowl performance
and that ugly picture of her one of my
favorite ones was she's in between Shawn
Michaels and in HBK all right okay in
Triple H and she's doing a Sukkot hahaha
awesome these are awesome I hate
pretzels but Jesus the combination of
calculating a peanut butter it's like
takes away the taste of that pretzel it
tastes like a taste take five keep it
ready yes I finds her awesome take fives
are awesome yeah here we go just like I
take five so I guess we'll try the black
ones now I guess I mean you know what
kind of have to be happy they're making
us p.m. right here he's like you gotta
try them what you you are you are Lenny
from mice and men le put my finger in
his mouth there's a lot of things that
you put in me that's but like right here
suneel oh don't put your finger my
bubble right am i doing uh no I just
like the chocolates better how many in
both 5 out of 5 s the crew believable
chocolate one is gonna get the edge with
a five point one out of five so it does
it get your stamp of approval that's
something new we're doing by the way
yeah there's a stamp on the brutal night
between the two the chocolate ones are
the fudge ones get my stamp awesome i'm
gonna give the white one a 5 get the
step oh god I'll give this down my
approval right here five out of five
this right here get some 5 negative 5 so
5 black faces that's right all right now
get that I would rather listen to Erik
wrapping it though he likes them he's
just being comically racist tell the
truth difference he's captain america
america pageant captain america helped
everybody but black people baristas is
not alike except for you to mac in the
fire yeah you best be getting out here
boy Captain America don't put up with
that shit I put the shield over them the
guy don't see you yeah that's the
time from when Captain America like be
friends with the Nazis then would be
basically that was it we hate Nazis my
naming blacks yeah but the Nazis hated
the black opaque know they hated it I
hated everybody I want to see a racist
captain america movie though that would
be awesome you got it all right try
another way oh you feed me we'll see
each other I am baking right now yeah no
woman in the shame ha don't do that
don't do that well we just got totally
if he dislikes right now oh yeah okay
ready going really slow ready you ready
ok I'm going really slow and that's with
me too haha stop it ok right up there
rested on my daughter rested on my
bottom lip me good so she told guys with
the dicks just rest on my bottom we'll
see you tomorrow
you